is it not surprising that the most
powerful man in the world becomes
the subject of discussion we are residents of this
the planets were looking for a savior we are talking about
form of life with existence itself which
defies our feeling
superiority in the universe
humanity has a sad experience
obedience to people with tremendous power
corrupts
absolute power corrupts absolutely
maybe he's just trying to do
correctly we know the land does not crawl out
hell and they come down from heaven world
so carried away by the fact that he can that
nobody asked what he should
year how everything happens fever
anger is a feeling of helplessness which
makes good people
cruel
what do you flow ?
she will spill